Add option to specify additional rules and to override existing rules (#46)
projectsyn/component-rancher-monitoring: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

sharedStorageClass: "bulk|foo.*"
----

== `thanos`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`

This parameter allows to configure the object storage for the Prometheus Thanos sidecar containers.
If this dict is empty, the Thanos sidecar container won't be deployed.
See the https://thanos.io/tip/thanos/storage.md[Official documentation] for all possible configuration options.

Example:

[source,yaml]
---
thanos:
  type: S3
  config:
    bucket: my-bucket
    endpoint: my-s3.example.com
    access_key: ?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/thanos/access_key}
    secret_key: ?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/thanos/secret_key}
---

== `rules`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`

> A list of additional Prometheus rules to deploy on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter allows users to configure additional Prometheus rules to deploy on the cluster.
```
